There is a very popular package
that helps us with creating multi-page React applications,
and that package is called React Router,
which provides client-side routing.
So routing functionalities in our client-side React app.
And routing simply means that different URLs,
different paths in the URL load different pages.
Now, you can visit the React Router website
to learn more about it
or also dive into its official GitHub repository
where you could explore its source code
and also learn a bit more about it.
But you don't need to do that
because in this course,
I'm going to teach you React Router.
Now, it is worth pointing out
that there are two main versions of React Router,
version 5 and version 6.
And version 6 is the newer one
but version 5 is the version
that's getting used in basically all projects.
Therefore in this course,
I will start with version 5
and I will then explain how you can update
to version 6 since that will be super easy
and what you'll learn for version 5
will apply to version 6 as well.
Now, to use React Router,
I created a brand new starting project,
which you find attached to this lecture.
And once you downloaded and unzipped it,
you just need to run npm install in there
to install all the core dependencies,
which basically means that you install React.
And then once you did that,
you can add React Router.
And you do this by again opening your terminal,
and navigating into this project folder.
And then we again use npm install
to install another package
into this project.
And we install the react-router-dom package.
React-router-dom.
And that's very important.
We don't install react-router
but react-router-dom,
which is the React Router version for React apps
that run in the browser,
which is the use case we have here.
Now, to make sure that you install the correct version,
you should then add a @5 thereafter,
which guarantees that you install React Router version 5,
which is the version we're going to cover here.
So therefore, add @5 and then hit enter.
And this will now download and install this package
into your project.
And with that, we can then also use this package, of course.